docs: rearrange docs structure and prepare for future outline (#2051)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/build-with-ens/why-ensnode.mdx

---
title: Why ENSNode?

> description: Why ENSNode is the best way to build ENS-powered applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Why ENSNode is the best way to build ENSv2 apps.
```

Note: "ENSNode is the full-stack ENSv2 development platform".

The "v2" here is strategically important and not to be left out in a context like this.

---

:::caution[Coming Soon]
We're actively working on this page right now. Check back next week for full content!
:::

> This page will explain why ENSNode is the best way to build ENS-powered applications — multichain support, ENSv2 readiness, and how it compares to the legacy ENS Subgraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will explain why ENSNode is the best way to build ENSv2 applications — including ENSNode's ENSv2 readiness, multichain support, how it compares to the legacy ENS Subgraph, and much more.
```
